great stories are timeless and they'll
last forever so if I wear try to make
that the heart of what we're doing you
know you're really bond with these
characters you remember them you
remember the story long after you've
played it this isn't just a story that I
want to tell it's a story that is to be
discovered its interactive narrative as
we start designing the next Mass Effect
game we start by asking fans what they
want you know what mass effect means to
them one of the things that fans have
told us most about what they want in the
next Mass Effect game is to go somewhere
new and to move forward new places new
characters people to fall in love with
we're taking you to a whole new region
of space this world is so vast that you
can just going to continue on to the
horizon or more experience for the
player to joy take a planet across the
other side of the galaxy and Pfizer and
see what we discover the magic we can do
now with the power new consoles an
amazing software it all looks fantastic
we've never seen these characters this
real before we think fans of the series
are going to be surprised at just how
far we're going
while the my trail studio is working on
the next Mass Effect game our team here
in Edmonton is developing a completely
new IP it's a chance to have a
clean-sheet design start from most
fundamental principles you can have we
want to take on very contemporary
stories and yet we want to build a world
that is as big and as imaginative as
everything we've done before starts off
with baby steps what are the
environments what are cities like what
our characters like so we're trying to
build a fictional world that feels real
and is alive is constantly changing this
is what the world is doing right now
come and play at Bioware we're building
worlds and journeys for the next
generation how far can we go with these
new games wait and see